# ALS Log Analyser
Brother project for ALS - https://github.com/gehelem/als

This tool extracts data from ALS's detailed logs and funnels it into CSV files. User can then consume the
data as she wishes.

Generated CVS files can be fed into 2 Jupyter notebooks. See `notebooks` folder :
- `astro.ipynb`: plots and data about the sky and how the astro setup behaves
- `global_app`: plots and data about how ALS behaves

# Use
## Quickstart

This tool is a single Python file called `als_log_extract.py` and requires no 3rd party library to run.
By default, the tool parses the `als.log` file located in your home directory and writes CSV files into
a `csv` folder (created if needed) in the current working directory.

just run `python als_log_extract.py` and collect some CSVs.

## Options

User can override log file path and output folder with commandline arguments :

- `-i` or `--in_log`
: path to ALS log file

- `-o` or `--out_folder`
: path to the output csv folder. If folder does not exist, it will be created.

# Tools

The `tools` folder contains 2 utility `.sh` scripts. Creating `.bat` files from them should not require 
too much effort :)

- `tools/export_nb_as_html.sh` exports notebooks as a single HTML files with embedded plots.
- `tools/clear_nb_outputs.sh` removes output from notebooks. *Very useful before committing to any vcs*

# Known issues

- the tool will simply crash if logs were generated by ALS with 'detailed logs' options disabled.
- the damn tool will simply crash if logs don't contain the data it is looking for.

